Create ui-c8y-1023-14-28-allow-to-search-for-device-id-and-serial-number-with-wild.md (#4079)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-28-allow-to-search-for-device-id-and-serial-number-with-wild.md

---
date: ""

> title: wildcard search support for device ID and c8y_Hardware.serialNumber

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Wildcard search support for device IDs
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-65678
version: 1023.14.28
---

> The new wildcard search did not support searching for IDs like the internal inventory ID or the external `c8y_Hardware.serialNumber`. With this change, support for searching for these IDs has been added. The internal ID uses an exact match, while the serialNumber also supports a "partly includes" matching. This helps to find a device faster, even if you only know the external ID. Note that the IDs are not shown in the returned results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new wildcard search did not support searching for IDs like the internal inventory ID or the external `c8y_Hardware.serialNumber`. With this change, support for searching for these IDs has been added. The internal ID uses an exact match, while the serialNumber also supports a partial matching. This helps to find a device faster, even if you only know the external ID. Note that the IDs are not shown in the returned results.
```

> The new wildcard search was not supporting to search for IDs like the internal inventory id or the external `c8y_Hardware.serialNumber`. With this change, we introduced also support to search for those IDs. The internal id using an exact match, while the serialNumber also supports a partly includes matching. This will help, to find the right device faster also by only knowing the external id. Note that the IDs are not shown in the returned results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new wildcard search did not support searching for IDs like the internal inventory ID or the external `c8y_Hardware.serialNumber`. With this change, support for searching for these IDs has been added. The internal ID uses an exact match, while the serialNumber also supports a "partly includes" matching. This helps to find a device faster, even if you only know the external ID. Note that the IDs are not shown in the returned results.
```
